Add iLert Integration Tile (#801)
DataDog/integrations-extras: ilert/README.md

## Overview

> Use the Datadog-iLert integration to send Datadog alerts to iLert and seamlessly take actions on these alerts within the iLert platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [iLert][<num>] integration sends Datadog alerts to iLert and seamlessly take actions on these alerts within the iLert platform.
```
Let's include a link to the iLert site

Integrate with iLert to:

- Trigger and resolve incidents from Datadog
- Tackle incidents and set up escalation policies as they occur
- Set up a daily reminder of who is on-call

## Setup

### In iLert

#### Create Datadog alert source

1. Switch to the **Alert Sources** tab and click on the "Create new alert source" button

2. Assign name and select escalation chain

3. Select **Datadog** in the Integration type field and save.

   ![iLert Alert Source New][1]

4. On the next page a **Webhook URL** is generated. You will need this URL at the bottom of the setup in Datadog.

   ![iLert Alert Source View][2]

### In Datadog

#### Add iLert Webhook as alerting channel

> 1. Go to Datadog integrations page and **install Webhooks integration**: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to Datadog integrations page and [**install Webhooks integration**][7]: 
```
Let's add this link ref: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations
